Bump version to 0.3.40 (#130)
tidal-music/tidal-sdk-ios: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.3.40] - 2024-10-23

### Added
- Added support for `OfflinePlay` events with new OfflineEngine (Player)

### Fixed
- Update client configuraiton correctly in OfflineEngine when it changes (Player)

> - Save the actualProductId when backend returnsa different product than requested (Player)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save the actual product id when backend returns a different product than requested (Player)
```
